Saros/E 16.0.0 release notes (#985)
saros-project/saros: docs/contribute/processes/release.md

* Update Site
* Drop-in

#### Prerequisite

> Make sure to increase the version number of the `saros.eclipse` **and** `saros.core` osgi bundle.

Reviewer: As a suggestion:

```suggestion
If there were any changes to the Saros core since the last release, make sure to also increase the version number of the `saros.core` osgi bundle.
```
